Why is it that every time disaster strikes, I find myself without a proper blade?
Some cereals give me gas..
Dancing on the table may be my favorite past time
I really like banannas
I have super powers
I like to be naked
I AM MAN! (WOMAN)
I am the king (queen) of cheese!
My hair hurts
It's those damn aliens
It's official.. I'm in love with HOT DOGS!
Polar bears sleep with penguins, everyone knows that
Why would I study if I can pretend to study?
Community College is easier than sleeping with a prostitute
IT'S A CHALLENGE!
I fear chipmunks..period
Fupas are almost as sexy as your mom
How dare you tempt me with those bolgarious schemes
I was born at a very young age.
I lost my necklace and dignity in the river.
Are you afraid of raccoons?
Ask me about allergy relief
I want to punch bees in the face
Why are you calling me while im pretending to be busy!
hello there dingleberry
Hey, what happens in vegas stays in vegas!
Yes, I would love to sled down your stairs
Let's run through the sprinklers!
I hate when I have gum stuck in my hair
Stand away, you smell like boiled cabbage
Adventure time!
Quick find the source of the lights!
How dare you question my authority?
Chitty Chitty bang bang!
I'll go to the movies with you if you wait outside.
Stand back, your hair makes me nervous
I have never had this much fun since my last flash dance festival
Your dog needs to stop licking my feet
My name is (your name), but you can call me tomorrow
If you eat too much cheese it can clog up your butt, be careful
If barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?
Running in place gets you nowhere, fast!
If you dance with me I promise to step on your feet.
Do you know what our state bird is?
Do you know what our state tree is?
When is national pie day?
Could you refrain from drinking pop, it gives me gas.
I prefer coke over pepsi.
I like cats.
I don't like cats.
I am afraid of snow
Sloppy Joes don't have to be sloppy if made differently
The only way I can explain it is as seeing your 3rd grade math teacher naked
My brain is swollen
No paperclip, I do not need your help
Why am I so amazing?
I am about to loose my shoestring
Do you have an extra earring that I can use?
Please don't lick my face in that mannor
If you pinch his butt I will give you a quarter
I have read a total of 4 and 1/2 books in my lifetime
You do know there are no real vampires?
When you lick my armpits it tickles.
Why say "I'm fuming" if your not on fire?
Yes this is my street, I own it
If your house was in the middle of the street that would be very dangerous
If you are Irish, you are born a great drinker.
Dogs smaller than a football are not real dogs at all.
It's 5:15 at nigh..do you know where your kids are?
I dare you to show your face!
If you park in the handicap spot I promise to limp into the store..
Your gerbil is giving me the stink eye.
Does this mean I get to keep my dictionary?
You know I don't know spanish.
I could see he wanted to joust with the table legs
I have sass coming out of my ass
SAFETY DANCE!
No one makes me bleed my own blood
My tire totally flew off of my car this morning
 Would you like to kiss my flamingo?
The penguins are in the kitchen.
I carry eyeliner and small puppies in my purse.
You support me, like a bra.
can't eat the bald eagle, they are endangered.
Save the Whales!
I own the heart of the ocean.
You make me feel like I need to poop.
When I sit, you stand..ready go!
This weekend is the best night ever!
I am super cool.
Oh silly boy, tricks are for kids.
Mommy always told me I would be prom King (queen)
Lies are like fake truths
If you ask for my number I may give you the rejection hotline
Ninjas are really good at basketball.
Sometimes your carpet makes me really angry.
I’d like to help you out today. Which way did you come in?
Answers are what we have for other people's problems.
Excuse my naivety - I was born at a very early age.
I'm not as think as you confused I am!
Out of my mind. Back in five minutes.
When everything's coming your way, you're in the wrong lane.
Take my advice — I'm not using it.
It is not that I trust you. I am just feeling lazy today.
Whatever it is that is eating you, it must be suffering horribly.
I used to have an open mind but my brains kept falling out.
The only thing I understand about Algebra: I look at my X and I wonder Y
If you want to look young and thin, hang out around fat old people.
Whoever said money don't buy you happiness just didn't know where to shop!
If you think no one cares if you're dead or alive miss a couple of credit card payments.
A guy walks into a bar ... OUCH!
We consider too much the good luck of the early bird and not enough the bad luck of the early worm.
If you lend someone money and you never see that person again, it was probably worth it.
A psychiatrist is a person who will give you expensive answers that you can get from your wife for free.
I've had bad luck with both my wives. The first one left me, and the second one didn't.
Instead of getting married again, I'm going to find a woman I don't like and just give her a house.
I am a marvelous housekeeper. Every time I leave a man I keep his house. (Naughty Zsa Zsa Gabor!)
An archeologist is the best husband any woman can have; the older she gets, the more interested he is in her.
Marriage has no guarantees. If that’s what you’re looking for, go live with a car battery.